[FUJIO] Ah, maybe I was wrong
to write off Sakurai.
There's a surprisingly
gentle soul beneath
that tough exterior. I didn't
realize he was such a softie.
[inaudible]
[FUJIO] And he's head over
heels for my baby girl.
What a reveal that was.
I guess our plan backfired.
Ah, the poor guy started
spilling his guts.
My old man's somethin' else.
The way him and mom used to
act kinda messed me up.
[FUJIO]
I wonder if he's having trouble
getting along with his folks?
Kinda sounds like he
might be going through
some serious stuff back home.
[SHIRO] Make yourself useful and
get me more booze, dammit!
[HARUKO]
Please, honey. You'll kill him!
[FUJIO] I'm still not sure
how I feel about
him and Hana together.
But maybe I could ease up on him
a little till I figure that out.
Hey everybody, I'm home!
I thought I'd
top off our snacks.
Huh?!
What the heck is
going on in here?!
[SAKURAI grunting]
[YANAGI] Whoa, relax. There's
no need to manhandle him.
Be careful, Hana.
You don't wanna
hurt Sakurai, do you?
Okay then,
I'll strip him gently.
What're you all doing?
No more drinking.
We're putting an end
to this right now!
[NARRATOR]
Approximately half an hour
before Fujio's return,
the party had devolved.
[laughing]
Wow, Sakurai, I know you're
totally wasted and all,
but you suck at card games more
than any other person I know!
[groans] Whatever,
cards aren't my thing.
[UZAKI]
Yeah, that's an understatement.
But I'm still not
gonna go easy on you!
[YANAGI]
She's such a gremlin!
Okeydokey, get ready
to eat dirt again!
Wait, hang on.
What's up?
Before you set up
for the next round,
why not try making things
a tad more interesting?
Up the ante. Ya know,
raise the stakes.
Good idea.
[NARRATOR]
Hana was somewhat inebriated.
Best o' luck!
[NARRATOR]
Yanagi was sober, of course.
[YANAGI] So, what's
the plan, sis? Strip him?
[UZAKI]
You know it.
[NARRATOR]
A scandalous idea!
[UZAKI] Let's get him naked
and take some pics.
We'll sell them to Ami.
I bet she'd pay top dollar
for this sort of stuff.
[YANAGI] Oh, man! Hana's way
more fun when she's sauced!
This is deplorable.
Where did my daughters pick
up such nasty inclinations?
I must stop them.
All right.
That's enough of that!
[FUJIO]
Hey everybody, I'm home!
I thought I'd
top off our snacks.
[FUJIO gasps]
[NARRATOR] And that was
what led to this moment.
Hun, care to explain
why he's naked now?
I know what this looks like,
but just calm down
and let me explain!
[FUJIO]
Calm down! Really?
[TSUKI] All I know is that
Sakurai was indisposed,
Hana took advantage
of the situation,
and Yanagi chose to brush
up on her photography.
And as the only adult here you
should've stopped them!
[TSUKI] I tried, but
everything happened so fast.
So I figured the least I
could do was make sure
his clothes didn't
end up wrinkled.
[FUJIO] Where are
your priorities, woman?!
[NARRATOR] Like her,
they were slightly tipped.
Aw, fudge. I still can't
get his pants off.
Hey you, mind lifting your
knees up for a second?
[SAKURAI grunting]
[camera shutter clicking]
No! Cut that out, Yanagi!
You're gonna scar
that boy's soul
till it's more broken
than it already is!
You starting to
sober up there, buddy?
Uh-huh. You betcha.
[NARRATOR]
In the meantime,
it seemed Hana
had sobered up, too.
Letting you take the train
is outta the question.
I'll call you a cab.
I appreciate it.
Thanks a lot, sir.
Hey, it's no trouble.
[FUJIO] Besides,
I'm the one who gave you
too much to drink
in the first place.
We should ride with him
to make sure he's safe.
Would you mind
coming along, Dad?
I'll need help if this big
lummox passes out on me.
Smart thinking!
Thanks so much
for having me over.
I hope you enjoyed yourself.
Get home in one piece,
okay, Sakurai?
[UZAKI] Hey, you're not
gonna vom, are you?
Dude, I'm not that drunk.
I'm pretty sure
I'm in the clear now.
Rough night, huh?
You still upset with us, Dad?
[FUJIO grumbles]
[FUJIO]
Of course I'm not, pumpkin.
And I'm sorry I made such
a ruckus earlier tonight.
[sighs] Sakurai's always
welcome to hang.
There's no need
to be a stranger.
You really mean it?
Thank you, Fuji.
[FUJIO] I don't know what's
down the road for them,
but he's a good kid, no doubt.
And as long as he makes
my little girl happy,
I suppose we're square.
What a relief. We made it
out the other side, son!
Okay. Sit tight.
I'll be right back.
[UZAKI]
C'mon, sleepyhead. You're home.
You gonna be all right or do you
need me to read you a story?
No thanks.
You sure about that?
Because it looks like
you could really use
someone to tuck you in,
but okay--
Man, I suck.
What?
But I promise I'll shape up.
I'm gonna get my act together
so I don't wind up being
a bother for you, Hana.
[gasps]
Um.
It's fine. You can bother me
as much as you want.
[SAKURAI gasping]
Uzaki...
--[thud]
--[UZAKI gasps]
[UZAKI]
Uh. Sakurai?
[FUJIO] Hana sure is
taking her sweet time.
Hope everything's okay.
[FRIENDS] Kiri. How about we
finish the night at your place?
Yeah, you're gonna have
to keep it in your pants,
you friggin' horndogs.
Uh?!
But it's fine if
I come, right, bro?
[KIRI] Uh... Where did those
sparkles come from?
[UZAKI gasping]
[SAKURAI panting]
[gasps]
Hey, Sakurai?
[exhales] Wow.
[UZAKI] Gah. Holy crap,
did that startle me!
The timing on that fall was like
something out of a movie!
I'm sure it was a coincidence
since he's never
been aggressive.
But still though,
consider me shook!
So, uh, did you have any
trouble dropping off Sakurai?
[UZAKI] Hm? Well, he ended up
passing out in the hallway,
so I left him on the
floor with a blanket.
Oh, is that so?
Guess that's not a surprise
since he drank himself
under the table.
Yeah, I wonder
whose idea that was.
[FUJIO gasps]
She saw right through our plan!
[UZAKI]
Oh crap, I forgot.
We've both got work
at the café tomorrow.
How am I ever gonna
look him in the eye
after what happened?
[ASAI laughs]
[UZAKI growls]
[UZAKI] It's way too early
for that energy.
Somebody's looking chipper.
What's got you in
such a good mood today?
[ASAI]
Oh, you know.
How'd you get those?
Yanagi actually sent them?
It's not what you think!
We just had a few drinks
and goofed off!
[UZAKI screams]
Why is my little sister so
skilled at taking lewds?
All that I wanted was
for the two of you
to make some precious
yet spicy memories.
But I never expected you
to share the racy mementos
of your libidinous activities!
It's not much, but here!
[UZAKI] Are you kidding?
She's paying me!
Look Ami, as a future
business owner who wants
to run her own café someday,
don't you think you should
put a bit more thought
into how you spend your money?
Uh! Yeah, you're right.
You'll need more so you can
give Yanagi her share.
[UZAKI]
Ugh, that's not what I meant!
I'm gonna let you in
on a little secret.
It's not so much about
hoarding your capital
as it is about
increasing revenue.
The key to good business,
is solid investment.
[UZAKI grunts]
But don't get me wrong, it's
important to be careful with
your funds so you
don't screw yourself.
Gotta do your part
to boost the economy.
So shelling out your coins for
Sakurai's underwear shots.
That's your way of supporting
the capitalist machine?
Heck yeah, girl!
[UZAKI] And that's something
you're proud of?!
It sure is when there's a
burgeoning market out there
and I have the freedom to
spend my dough how I like!
As far as I'm concerned,
my tastes and my desire
to show my gratitude,
consider them mutually
exclusive expenditures!
So take my money!
That's a very generous
offer, but I can't.
And why did you
just triple the amount?
[ASAI] That's because I forgot
to include Sakurai's share.
[UZAKI] I'm not sure he'd
appreciate it either way!
What's with all
the commotion, guys?
[gasps]
I could hear you both shouting
from around the corner.
Oh. Sorry about that.
Can I ask you something?
[UZAKI]
Uh. Sure.
[SAKURAI]
Did anything happen last night?
Because I can't really
remember anything.
Hope I didn't do anything weird.
[SAKURAI]
Thought I'd check in to see
if I made a fool of myself.
[SAKURAI grunts]
[ASAI laughs]
Wait, what the--!
Do you mind explaining
why I'm naked?
[UZAKI] You're the one
who's in the picture,
why don't you enlighten us?
[UZAKI]
Besides, I was plastered, too.
But I already told you,
I don't remember anything!
Like seriously,
what even is this?
And why are all these angles
so tastefully specific?
[UZAKI]
Ah, c'mon, not this again.
It was embarrassing for me, too.
How does he think I feel?
Ugh. On second thought,
maybe I'm actually better off
not remembering this trauma.
Perhaps it would jog
your memory to reconstruct
the scene by
stripping right here?
Thanks, I'll pass.
[UZAKI growls]
[CAFÉ OWNER clears throat]
Shall we finish
getting the café
ready for opening?
[SAKURAI]
Oh. On it!
[UZAKI, ASAI]
Yes, sir.
[UZAKI] So he forgot everything.
What can you do?
All things considered,
that's a bit of a relief.
Which means I guess
we're back to normal then.
[UZAKI]
So...
[SAKURAI]
Hm?
You making any big
plans for New Year's?
Well, funny you should ask,
Itsuhito said
we should all go visit
a shrine together.
That sounds nice! [laughs]
Yeah. It sure does.
[SAKURAI] Cool.
I'll go ahead and tell him
to round up the gang then.
[UZAKI]
It's a date!
Well, I guess I'll see ya later.
Have a good night. See ya soon.
[SAKURAI panting]
[panting continues]
[SAKURAI whimpers] Like there's
any way I could've forgot that.
[UZAKI]
Man, this year shot by
in the blink of
an eye, didn't it?
I have a decent theory
as to why though.
It's because I spent
so much time with you.
I guess that time
flies when you're
keeping somebody's loner
tendencies in check. Hm?
What gives, Sakurai? Why are
you staring at me like that?
Dude, are you spacing out?
You've been polishing
the same spot
for the last 25 minutes.
Look, this is our
last shift of the year,
so try not to fumble
the ball. Kay?
Hey, congrats!
We survived another one.
Well, I suppose I'll
save my Happy New Years
for later when I
see you at the shrine.
'Kay.
[SAKURAI grunting]
[SAKURAI panting]
Aw, man.
[SHIRO]
That was terrible.
You're even less focused
than you were last time.
Your moves just now were
all power and no technique.
Like you were ready
to lash out at someone
and you didn't care who it was.
I wonder if something's
been bugging you again.
Like last time. Ya know.
That poor girl who you
managed to drag into
your room when I was
calling you the other day?
[growls]
[SAKURAI]
He's annoying, yet perceptive.
This is why I hate
coming back home!
[SHIRO] You won't inherit
the dojo doin' stuff like that.
Who said I wanted to?
I don't have the chops, anyway.
I'm only here because
I wanted to work out
and my gym's closed
for the holidays.
You bein' fresh with me, son?
Oh well, I suppose it
doesn't exactly come as
a surprise that you
aren't big on judo.
To be honest, I got this place
from your mom's side
of the family, and I wasn't
too thrilled about it either.
But teaching a
bunch of hyperactive
little monsters isn't half bad.
It never gets old hearing
them all call you master.
They must have you confused.
Sure would make your impending
job-hunt a lot easier.
Oh, yeah?
When you put it that way,
it does sound nice.
Too bad we're not
planning to retire yet.
At this rate, you're
never gonna throw me
or your mother with those
aggressive techniques.
But if you're looking
to toss a lady around,
then you might be
on the right track!
[laughing]
[SHIRO grunts]
[NARRATOR]
Shiro had just stepped
on an emotional landmine.
[SHIRO grunts] That was actually
a solid sneak attack.
If this is what I'd
have to deal with,
then you can forget about it,
nasty old man!
[SHIRO] You've got skills,
that's for sure.
But still, kicking down
your father like that...
You've got a lotta nerve
to try me, boy!
[SHIRO laughs] I'm gonna show
you what happens when
you try to disrespect
your elders, you upstart!
Seriously, could you
keep it down, please?
Roughhousing on New
Year's Eve, of all days.
And Shinichi, didn't you
tell me that you had plans
for a shrine visit first
thing in the morning?
You trying to
show up with injuries?
Eh?!
[SAKURAI screaming]
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Hey, Sakurai!
Yo. Here's to
surviving another one.
A Happy New Year to us all.
[gasps] Right back atcha,
Happy New Year, guys.
Let's hope this
one turns out nice.
Now then, was there a reason
you wanted us gentlemen
to meet up earlier?
You wanted to talk
privately, right?
Yeah. Anyway, if you could
keep this to yourselves...
I'm actually looking
for some advice here.
Recently, I learned something
personal about someone.
I suppose I've been
racking my brain over it
and I'd like to put it to rest.
Basically, I need answers
and I could seriously
use your insight.
So, you stumbled into
a piece of information,
I'm guessing it was
an accident,
and now this intel has slowly
been eating away at you.
Do I have that right?
[SAKURAI]
Yeah, that's right.
So, what's the big secret?
Well, it's hard to believe.
But I think that...
That Uzaki, uh...
That's she's in love with me.
[SAKAKI] Uh, Saku.
That might be news to you,
but we've all known that.
For a while.
[SAKURAI gasps]
Wait, you all knew?
Are you exaggerating?
[SAKAKI] Nah, for real.
We weren't kidding.
[CAFÉ OWNER] Ami, the café
customers, everyone knows.
[SAKAKI]
Everyone except you, apparently.
No freaking way!
Well, now that that's
out of the way,
what are you gonna do
about this monumental
new revelation you've
finally unearthed?
Huh? Am I supposed
to do something?
Don't give us
that crap, Sakurai.
If you think you're about to
get away with playing dumb
and changing the subject,
then you've another
thing coming, pal!
How did you know I was gonna--
Cause it's what you
always do! Get real!
Are you honestly cool
with sitting on your hands
and letting things
stay like this?
Not even bothering to
let the facts sink in?
It not like that.
I'm pretty sure you already know
what needs to happen here.
I mean, it's troubled
you to the point
that you're asking
for advice after all.
It's obvious that you're
just fishing for a way
to avoid the situation
when you know you can't.
[SAKURAI gasps]
Try all you like, but there's
no un-ringing that bell.
Whatever you choose to do
next is what's important.
Listen, all you need to think
about is what you wanna do.
I should probably
figure out what that is.
But this is all kind
of unfair, isn't it?
Talking about Uzaki's
feelings behind her back
and deciding what to
do with about them?
It's not right.
The only kind of person
who'd do that is a coward.
Uzaki deserves better.
Forget it. I'm out. I'm sorry!
Oh please, quit being a martyr
and drop the valiant hero act
before I lose my friggin mind!
What's cowardly is how
you haven't done jack!
He's only read my like a book!
[laughs] Sorry to spoil the fun,
but we'd better
collect ourselves.
It would appear that Ami
and Hana are in the vicinity,
so we should meet up with them.
[SAKURAI, SAKAKI]
Hm? Sure.
Look man, there's still a lot
I want to say about this,
but I'll leave you
with one last thought.
[SAKURAI]
What is it?
We've got your back, okay, dude?
Don't be scared to reach out.
We're here to help.
[SAKAKI]
Right. So, uh... Best of luck.
Thanks, you guys.
[SAKURAI] I promised her I'd
shape up, so I'm facing this
head on. No more running away.
[UZAKI] Hey everybody!
Took you long enough!
We're right over here!
[SAKURAI] I've worried
over this for so long,
but I couldn't even bring
myself to ask for advice.
And even then, I'm so pitiful
that I had to be
shook into action.
I apologize for being so unfair.
Happy New Year.
I'm looking forward to
having more fun together.
Same.
[SAKURAI] I've thought
about it a million times,
and I keep coming back
to the same realization.
[UZAKI grunts]
Whoa, you feelin'
a little chilly?
Here, I'll save our spot.
You go warm up in the car.
Huh? Thank you, Sakurai.
That's so considerate.
What, no need to
make it a big deal!
You're the only one
here who's doing that.
[CROWD murmuring]
[SAKURAI]
Someday,
I'll have the confidence to say
it with my head held high.
[UZAKI] Look, the first sunrise
of the year. Oh, it's beautiful!
Oh, wow.
[laughs]
[SAKURAI]
I love you, Uzaki.
[gasps]
Uh, Sakurai?
So, here's the thing...
[UZAKI]
Yeah? What's up?
[SAKURAI]
I... I-I really...
No. Not just yet.
I'm really looking forward
to hanging out with you more.
Glad to hear it!
I'm excited to hang out more
with you, too, Sakurai.
I can't wait! [laughs]